c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\TestPackage.dll
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\TestPackage.pdb
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\TestPackage.pkgdef
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\TestPackage.vsix
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\Company.TestPackage.Resources.resources
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.cto
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.dll
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.pdb
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.pkgdef
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\TestPackage.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\erland\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\ERLAND\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestPackage\TestPackage\bin\Debug\Play.png
